add RELEASE.md document (#143)
swift-server/swift-prometheus: Sources/Prometheus/RELEASE.md

# Releasing 

## Release schedule

Releases of this library are performed on a when-needed basis. 

Generally one of the maintainers listed in MAINTAINERS.md will perform a release.

If you would like to request a release since a change or fix has been waiting for a release for some time,
you may open up an issue on github, requesting a release.

## Versioning 

As usual with Swift packages, we use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

## Make a release

> Development and releases are made from the `main` branch directly, therefore the branch should remain in releasable state at any time.

Reviewer: Just a comment: It’s the current state of things. We might want to consider forming the habit of creating a release or branch.

Author: For larger projects we might, but I'd be wary of introducing overhead for libs which we revisit rarely, like this one 👀

> Making a release is simple and boils down to making a git tag and pushing it to the upstream repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a release involves creating a Git tag and pushing it to the upstream repository.
```

> Tags should follow the simple `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH` format, without any prefix (e.g. do not include the `v` prefix).

Reviewer: I’m curious about the reason behind this decision in the past, as per GitHub common practices, it’s recommended to use the v prefix.

Author: It's a SwiftPM thing, it seems it can properly strip the `v` on desktop but seems to have had bugs where not all envs would handle that 

> This incorrect behavior is specific to Swift Playgrounds for iPad. SPM in the command line, SPM embedded in Xcode, and other package managers such as CocoaPods deal nicely with "v..." tags.

https://forums.swift.org/t/support-for-v-prefixed-version-tags-in-swiftpm-swift-playgrounds-for-ipad/54845

Reviewer: Ty for sharing this!

Step 1) Make a release tag.

```bash
tag="MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH"
git tag -s "${tag}" -m "${tag}"
git push origin "${tag}"

> ```

Reviewer 2: This is not really needed. When using the Github release UI it will automatically create the tag for you

Author: Does it sign the tags actually? 🤔

Reviewer: Fine to keep this.

Step 2) Make the GitHub Release and Release Notes.

> Release notes generation is automated and based on the enforced labelling of pull requests.

Reviewer: Would it be possible to suggest some ways to make this paragraph more concise or step-by-step instructional?

Author: I'll revisit today then

As pull requests are merged, they are required to be tagged with `semver/*` tags (`semver/patch`, `semver/minor`, ...).
When you navigate to the [New release](https://github.com/swift-server/swift-prometheus/releases/new) page on github and 
select your release tag, and click **Generate release notes** release notes will automatically be generated.

Take a moment to read over the changes and make sure their assigned patch/minor/major categories are correct and match the release's assigned version.

You may add some additional introduction, thanks or additional information which may be useful for anyone reading the release notes.

> Step 3) "There is not Step 3!"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Step 3) "There is no Step 3!"
```
